BIG DATA ARCHITECT

Description
We're looking for an experienced Big Data Architect who is willing to take part in an interesting project. The world around us is constantly changing. We start living in smart cities, move on smart roads, create, share and download huge amounts of data every day using various devices. Cars must be adapted to this reality to meet the expectations of drivers while maintaining current reliability and safety. Our team is working on a project of Internet of Things type, which is an online platform providing communication, data exchange solutions between various connected car devices and modules. Everything to make life easier... and more comfortable! We are providing solutions to the customer, who is the leading producer in the automotive market. Are you ready to join the future? If so, apply now!

Requirements
Proven experience as a software architect
Experience in software development and coding in Java
Knowledge of software and application design and architecture
Familiarity with Cloud architecture (experience with AWS andor OpenShift)
Understanding of software quality assurance principles
A technical mindset with great attention to detail
High quality organizational and leadership skills
Outstanding communication and presentation abilities
Knowledge of Cost Management
Experience in IoT systems
Experience in Big Data Processing

Responsibilities
Requirements analysis
Design system architecture (security, cost efficiency, performance)
Active participation in project meetings
Communication with the team and the customer
Knowledge sharing

We Offer
Exciting Projects: With clients across all industries and sectors, we offer an opportunity to work on market-defining products using the latest technologies.
Collaborative Environment: You can expand your skills by collaborating with a diverse team of highly talented people in an open, laidback environment — or even abroad in one of our global centers or client facilities!
Work-Life Balance: GlobalLogic prioritizes work-life balance, which is why we offer flexible work schedules.
Professional Development: We develop paths suited to your individual talents through international knowledge exchanges and professional certification opportunities.
Excellent Benefits: We provide our employees with private medical care, sports facilities cards, group life insurance, travel insurance, relocation package, food subsidies and cultural activities.
Fun Perks: We want you to feel comfortable in your work, which is why we create good working environment with relax zones, host social and teambuilding activities and stock our kitchen with delicious teas and coffees!
