Description:
We are responsible for the delivery of JAVA based APIs, enabling: product management, customer management and providing usage records. Our work covers software design and implementation, quality assurance: functional (mainly automated), performance, acceptance, e2e and integration testing. We are working according to agile (SCRUM) methodologies, cooperating with customer teams from various locations.

Our customer, a world-leading location technology provider, is updating his core back-office solution, exchanging third party software and adapting other parts of the system to unify and optimize customer’s core processes related to lead management, pricing, quoting, discounting, order management, billing, and invoicing.

 

Requirements:
Contributed in building and enhancing Java-based scalable and high-performance solution
Knowledge and application of design concepts like Design Patterns, Data Modeling and SOA (Service Oriented Architecture)
At least 4+ years of experience in Java11, SpringBoot
Exposure to Agile (Scrum) and test-driven development, continuous integration (Jenkins) and version control (GitLab preferred)
Thrive in a collaborative team with other strong Programmers/ Principal Engineer
Exhibit strong ownership and ability to work in a global team environment
Strong analytic and problem-solving skills
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Job Responsibilities:
Develop high-performance systems to publish REST Services
Projects include real-time data validation, large scale data processing frameworks, and highly scalable services
Deliver services for high availability, with a high-quality
Develop efficient, reusable, reliable, and scalable software
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Ability to do root cause analysis and improve product quality
What We Offer
Exciting Projects: With clients across all industries and sectors, we offer an opportunity to work on market-defining products using the latest technologies.

Collaborative Environment: You can expand your skills by collaborating with a diverse team of highly talented people in an open, laidback environment — or even abroad in one of our global centers or client facilities!

Work-Life Balance: GlobalLogic prioritizes work-life balance, which is why we offer flexible work schedules.

Professional Development: We develop paths suited to your individual talents through international knowledge exchanges and professional certification opportunities.

Excellent Benefits: We provide our employees with private medical care, sports facilities cards, group life insurance, travel insurance, relocation package, food subsidies and cultural activities.

Fun Perks: We want you to feel comfortable in your work, which is why we create good working environment with relax zones, host social and teambuilding activities and stock our kitchen with delicious teas and coffees!
