Senior Test Engineer- Koszalin
https://www.globallogic.com/gl_career/senior-test-engineer-18/

Description
We are looking for a Senior Test Engineer to our Team in Koszalin. You will have an opportunity to try your hand 
at different testing challenges in the area of embedded systems and create products which are already in use or 
will be used in the nearest future by thousands of people, in almost all cars on the market. Our customer is one of the 
leading Tier1 Automotive suppliers. The candidate will have to support the existing test automation team in daily work. 
If you are an automotive passionate join us now!

Requirements
QA knowledge and automatization experience
Analytical thinking and good communication skills are a plus
Experience of functional testing in Cluster division
Preferences
Embedded experience - nice to have
Automotive experience/ interest is appreciated

Responsibilities
Test automation in Customer in-house language
Automated tests execution
Manage of tests
Maintenance of test cases
Reporting

We Offer
Exciting Projects: With clients across all industries and sectors, we offer an opportunity to work on market-defining 
products using the latest technologies.

Collaborative Environment: You can expand your skills by collaborating with a diverse team of highly talented 
people in an open, laidback environment — or even abroad in one of our global centers or client facilities!

Work-Life Balance: GlobalLogic prioritizes work-life balance, which is why we offer flexible work schedules.

Professional Development: We develop paths suited to your individual talents through international knowledge 
exchanges and professional certification opportunities.

Excellent Benefits: We provide our employees with private medical care, sports facilities cards, group life 
insurance, travel insurance, relocation package, food subsidies and cultural activities.

Fun Perks: We want you to feel comfortable in your work, which is why we create good working environment 
with relax zones, host social and teambuilding activities and stock our kitchen with delicious teas and coffees!
